Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Dad.
you heard the doctors. right?
There's still a long way to go.
but you've already improved a lot.
What a relief.
I can't walk.
I can't work.
I can't take care of you two.
Oh. and my youngest. Bora...
I told you not to worry about that.
Bora is doing fine at Auntie's house.
Don't worry about all those things.
I'm already looking for a part-time job.
No. no. You can't do
a part-time job. okay?
If you really want to help me.
you focus on your studies.
You can't let your grades fall
because of me.
Hello.
- Hello.
- You came!
Mr. Kim. you look very good.
Hey. Min Ho.
I have a favor to ask you.
If you ever hear Dae
talking nonsense about
a part-time job.
you have to put a stop to it!
Of course. don't worry.
I'll be sure to grab him if I hear of it.
That's right.
I feel better that Dae has
such a loyal and good friend like you.
Thank you. sir.
Hello.
Yes?
Hello. I know you don't know me.
but my name is--
What's wrong?
What's the problem?
The hospital contacted me
and said the Han Group
is not paying my dad's medical bills.
I'll ask my dad.
Forget it.
How can you.
knowing your dad's company is in trouble?
Then I'll take some from my savings.
This is more important.
Anyway. I can't take
that much money from you.
Ah. that record deal
my dad's offering!
If you do well.
that could help pay off
your dad's hospital bills.
I'm going to try
to win that record deal.
Me too.
Are you confident?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-